I warn you not to get too close to Yunfeng
I'm not close to my boyfriend.
Are you close to you?
I really want to strangle you sometimes
Don't you understand my heart?
But what is our relationship now?
I beg your pardon.
Don't get too close to the rain and wind
Xiaoya, are you there?
Eat cake, mom
I'll be right there.
I twisted my foot.
Husband, why are you here?
I came to see him
I'm going out first
Are you all right?
Is Xiaoya alright?
Just twisted it.
Oh, then I'm relieved.
I thought there was something going on between the two of you
It's okay, let's go cut the cake. Hmm?
Let's go
Husband, um, I want to talk to you
What's wrong I think
The necklace you gave Xiaoya is too expensive.
So what?
Necklaces should be for girlfriends and wives.
It is not suitable for you to send Xiaoya.